Improve documentation (#51)
CanalTP/asgard: README.md

# Asgard

Asgard is the interface between [Navitia](https://github.com/CanalTP/navitia) and [Valhalla](https://github.com/valhalla/valhalla). It can be used to compute street_network direct_paths and matrix.

## How to use

> To use Asgard with Navitia, you will need to give Jormungandr a configuration file telling Navitia to use Asgard for every street_network_modes you want. Here's a (not so) basic one:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use Asgard with Navitia, you will need to give Jormungandr a configuration file telling Navitia to use Asgard for every street_network_modes you want. This file should be located in the `INSTANCE_DIR` which is set in the [default_settings.py](https://github.com/CanalTP/navitia/blob/dev/source/jormungandr/jormungandr/default_settings.py#L9) a (not so) basic one:
```
